README.md, before:

# 🖼️ NFT Marketplace 

[![https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-hardhat-yellow](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-hardhat-yellow)](https://hardhat.org/)
[![https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-nextjs-blue](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-nextjs-blue)](https://nextjs.org/)


To strengthen my blockchain and smart contract development skills, I'm building this project while following Udemy's [Build An NFT Marketplace From Scratch - Blockchain DApp](https://www.udemy.com/course/build-an-nft-marketplace-from-scratch-blockchain-dapp/) course and changing the code I find relevant.

My main goals with this DApp is learning and improving:
- Smart contracts deployment and interaction using [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/)
- Web3 implementations in React/NextJS using [ethers](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/)
- Solidity and Smart Contracts testing

This project is also part of the study I'm doing to create my own Web 3.0 portfolio.

## Demo
In progress

# Setup

To avoid import errors in Solidity files when using VSCode Solidity extensions, add
```js
"solidity.packageDefaultDependenciesContractsDirectory": "",
"solidity.packageDefaultDependenciesDirectory": "node_modules"
```
to user's VSCode settings.

* Copy `.env.example` to `.env`


## How to run

* [In progress]

## How to deploy
In progress

Commit message:

feat: add course video on readme

README.md, after:

# 🖼️ NFT Marketplace 

[![https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-hardhat-yellow](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-hardhat-yellow)](https://hardhat.org/)
[![https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-nextjs-blue](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-nextjs-blue)](https://nextjs.org/)


To strengthen my blockchain and smart contract development skills, I'm building this project while following Udemy's [Build An NFT Marketplace From Scratch - Blockchain DApp](https://www.udemy.com/course/build-an-nft-marketplace-from-scratch-blockchain-dapp/) course and changing the code I find relevant.  
I actually didn't like the instructor and its code and I recommend this YouTube video that teaches the exact same thing: [How to Build a Full Stack NFT Marketplace on Ethereum with Polygon and Next.js](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKJBEEXUha0).  

My main goals with this DApp is learning and improving:
- Smart contracts deployment and interaction using [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/)
- Web3 implementations in React/NextJS using [ethers](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/)
- Solidity programming
- Solidity and Smart Contracts testing

This project is also part of the study I'm doing to create my own Web 3.0 portfolio.

## Demo
In progress

# Setup

To avoid import errors in Solidity files when using VSCode Solidity extensions, add
```js
"solidity.packageDefaultDependenciesContractsDirectory": "",
"solidity.packageDefaultDependenciesDirectory": "node_modules"
```
to user's VSCode settings.

* Copy `.env.example` to `.env`


## How to run

* [In progress]

## How to deploy
In progress
